In the previous video, we implemented and designed navigation a component.
We just copy paste of code from the documentation.
Now let's make them clickable.
So we have two pages at the moment.
We can add few more bases and then just put some real navigation links, right, so that we can navigate
around.
And for that, we can use a link component from and design.
So in regular sized email we use and attack the attack.
But with react in next is we use a link component.
So if you are using plain React, you be using a link component from React crowd and that's a popular
library for implementing routing.
But with next year, we didn't have to install any third party packages from NPM.
It comes with Nexus itself.
All right.
So let's go ahead.
Let's give it a try.
By the way, if you have a loop, if you go to admin, you'll also notice that we didn't have any styling
here.
That's because the styling has been applied in that targeted menu.
So tall, thin component.
You can see here we have the basics and that's where we use that thesis.
All right, so on.
Unless you share this component in all the pieces, you will not get to see us this applied everywhere.
Now, to fix that, what we can do is we can import this double team component and use in the navigation
because we know the navigation will be used in the entire application.
All the pieces we see here, the navigation, right.
So we can import that this starting component and put it here in the nerd bar that we use, it can double
the theme.
And at the same time, since we will have the axis that is part of this component that is in the headsets
and that will be applied for the entire application.
And as a result, no matter which page you will, you will have to see, is this applied?
All right, so let's go import this double team component in top NAV again, because instead of searching
here like we did in the home base, we can remove that and put it here.
So here in the top.
Now, let me just import that first import double theme song.
So we are in the same directory, so don't less stole theme then we can put that let's use the last
menu item which is which must be this one here navigation for this one.
So let's take that off and instead put double theme.
All right.
Now we have this double theme here.
Beautiful.
Awesome.
Now let's push it to the right end and remove from home.
To put it to the right end.
First, let's remove this key.
We don't really need to use key in this one.
And we're going to use some styling margin.
Margin left.
We use auto that boost this to the end.
That's that's right.
Beautiful again.
Now let's go to composer to move this from school to home.
Let's index its double.
Beautiful.
Now we have home base.
We have the dollar theme.
And if you were to add me.
We have the same navigation, we have the city supply and everything is there.
Now let's change this text and just use the link imported from and then so that we can navigate around.
And since we are working with React, we there will be no base reload.
So when you navigate between pages, you will not see the page reload.
It will be happening in sending.
I guess so.
I mean, it's good to talk now.
So it'll be component based routing.
So whichever component we use, so in admin we see the admin component or the component will switch
and basically reload if you need to react.
Traditionally, PSP both on the server side language.
If your side is built using both technologies, then the PS will reload whenever you navigate between
bases.
But with React, that's the beauty.
So here in the top.
Now let me use this as a brand name.
So let's find that out.
The first one, let's call it seamless.
Next one, we call it.
For the moment, let's just call it added.
We make changes later, we translate it, we make it decimal and then based on the user role, we will
take them to a different decimal, right?
So for the moment, just leave it like this.
That's admin and we have this dropdown dropdown.
I think it's a good idea to use the dropdown for admin.
Right.
Let's have a look at how we did for our finished project.
Monster Dotcom.
I guess you can see we have the job done for the admin and then we have the regular links, so let's
keep it like that.
So this way I can use it for sign up and sign it.
Sign up.
So let me just copy that one.
Put it down here listing the key to sign up and this one's key to signing.
All right.
So we will change to little bit later the icons.
Let's wait for that.
So we've got sign up signing and list the dropdown.
Let's give it a name title.
Let's send this to Dashboard for now.
I guess so.
We got sign up signed in Despres.
That's a lot of you want to push.
Push it to the right end.
So what you can do, you can upload the seamless assist, as we did here.
All right, so let's put it.
Put it here.
Okay.
So once we applied that here, I think we didn't need to put it here.
This one comes out for that one.
So let's try that.
Yes.
So that.
All right.
So we got that.
Now let's make them clickable and let's use the link component from end to the currently disabled.
So we do want to disabuse.
All right, let's import link component from next link.
Now, if you're coming from the reactor out of Dodge, most likely you will.
You would import like this and react proud of doing it.
But with next year there is no destruction.
You just import, default, import like this all to make sure you don't do it.
So with that link here, we can use that.
So for seeing this one, they click on this one, we want to take them to the home base, right?
So here we use link and as a requirement in next this you need to have the anchor date for any links
and then you just based in this.
Okay, so we got the link.
A So if we put here, it's if it's going to be just home base for.
Now if you're new to next year, this might feel a little weird because we have the link and then we
have the anchor data as well.
All right.
But that's a requirement to keep that in mind.
So that's for the home base for sign up.
Let's create the link.
So Link.
Anchored tags and then just finished the name sign up to hatred.
Sign up.
We need to quickly clear some bases for this one test and then let me just copy this one.
Let me just based here.
We can just copy, link and place this one call.
Sign in.
All right, so we get the signing sign up and we get the disclosure.
All right.
So we've got the sign inside of Nashville.
Now you can click to get to the home base.
This desperate.
And let me take you to.
Some and even just call it Edwin.
And it's quickly have a look at how we have done here.
Management, we give this give this a title and then the link.
So what do you do it like that?
Management.
And then.
Let's just use admin for now because we have only one type of user.
We focusing at the moment that admin link and could take.
He's admin.
His hatred.
Hatred is going to be baseless.
All right.
Now as to the sign of signing, we got the admin here so you can click it, go to the admin basic,
click with home base.
There is no base really or anything.
It's beautiful, by the way.
Management are supposed to be here and I want to fix that.
Some management.
So the main element is that it?
Oh, yes.
That's the time.
That's what we should be using.
Management.
All right.
So we can remove that.
Beautiful.
And let me do this.
Fantastic.
Let's keep it simple.
So the item group, we have the title and then just one link for now.
All right, so we've got the admin, we've got the home.
Let's quickly create these two places as well.
So we've pretty much done with our default.
Navigation with bases.
Right.
So we have home base.
So let me just copy that.
Just to make things easier inside business school new further sign up dirt is.
Another one signing dances and then you paste that code from home since the Nim sign in.
Sign in to send the name.
Do sign in.
Remove the bottom and just replace this to sign.
We don't need the button as well.
Okay.
So we've got the sign in base.
It's good to sign up.
It's based that and it make sense to sign.
Copy paste first.
All right, so we've got all this space.
Let's give it a try.
Got home.
Santa signing.
And every beautiful.